Cleanup install docs (#3297)
knative/docs: docs/install/_index.md

---
title: "Installing Knative"
weight: 05
type: "docs"
showlandingtoc: "false"
---

You can install the Serving component, Eventing component, or both on your cluster by using one of the following deployment options:

- Using a [YAML-based installation](./any-kubernetes-cluster).
- Using the [Knative Operator](./knative-with-operators).
- Following the documentation for vendor managed [Knative offerings](../knative-offerings).

You can also [upgrade an existing Knative installation](./upgrade-installation).

> **NOTE:** Currently Knative instructions are only provided for Mac and Linux environments.

Reviewer: I read this as being a bit stronger than it needs to be (or was before). The instructions assume Mac or Linux, but should work with pretty minor modifications on windows. WDYT about something like:

```suggestion
**NOTE:** Currently the Knative install instructions assume you are running Mac or Linux with a bash shell.
```
